LIMITED USE SOFTWARE LICENSING AGREEMENT

This Limited Use Software License Agreement (the "Agreement") is a legal
agreement between the “Licensee” (“You” thereafter) and the Provectus It Inc.
(the “Licensor”). By downloading or purchasing the software (the "Software"),
which includes source code (the "Source Code"), you are agreeing to be bound by
the terms of this Agreement. If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement,
promptly destroy the Software you may have downloaded or copied.

The Software is provided to you by the Licensor under the License, as defined
below, subject to the following condition.

1. Grant of License. The Licensor grants you the right to use the Software. You
have no ownership or proprietary rights in or to the Software, or the Trademark.
The Software, together with any archive copy thereof, shall be destroyed when no
longer used in accordance with this Agreement, or when the right to use the
Software is terminated. You agree that the Software will not be shipped,
transferred or exported into any country in violation of the U.S. Export
Administration Act (or any other law governing such matters) and that you will
not utilize, in any other manner, the Software in violation of any applicable
law.

2. Permitted Uses. For educational purposes only the Licensee may use portions
of the Source Code, such as particular routines, to develop your own software,
but may not duplicate the Source Code, except as noted in paragraph 4. The
limited right referenced in the preceding sentence is hereinafter referred to as
"Educational Use." By so exercising the Educational Use right you shall not
obtain any ownership, copyright, proprietary or other interest in or to the
Source Code, or any portion of the Source Code. You may dispose of your own
software at your sole discretion. With the exception of the Educational Use
right, you may not otherwise use the Software, or a portion of the Software,
which includes the Source Code, for commercial gain.

3. Prohibited Uses. Under no circumstances shall the Licensee be permitted,
allowed, or authorized to commercially exploit the Software. Neither you nor
anyone at your direction shall do any of the following acts with regard to the
Software, or any portion thereof: 1. Rent 2. Sell 3. Lease 4. Distribute for
money or any other consideration; 5. In any other manner and through any medium
whatsoever commercially exploit or use for any commercial purpose.

4. Copyright. The Software and all copyrights related thereto are owned by the
Licensor and are protected by the United States copyright laws and international
treaty provisions. The Licensor shall retain exclusive ownership and copyright
in and to the Software and all portions of the Software and you shall have no
ownership or other proprietary interest in such materials. You must treat the
Software like any other copyrighted material. You may not otherwise reproduce,
copy or disclose to others, in whole or in any part, the Software. You may not
copy the written materials accompanying the Software. You agree to use your best
efforts to see that any user of the Software licensed hereunder complies with
this Agreement.

5. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in
writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its
Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties
or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks
associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

6. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, whether in
tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by
applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in
writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any
direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character
arising as a result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage,
computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or
losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such
damages.You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold Licensor, its Affiliates, and
its respective representatives, officers, directors, stockholders, employees,
and agents harmless from all liability, claims, demands, causes of action,
judgments, damages, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ and experts'
fee and costs) arising out of or as a result from. 

7. Exclusive Remedies. The Software is being offered to you free of any charge.
You agree that you have no remedy against the Licensor, its affiliates,
contractors, suppliers, and agents for loss or damage caused by any defect or
failure in the Software regardless of the form of action, whether in contract,
tort, include negligence, strict liability or otherwise, with regard to the
Software. Copyright and other proprietary matters will be governed by United
States laws and international treaties. In any case, the Licensor shall not be
liable for loss of data, loss of profits, lost savings, special, incidental,
consequential, indirect or other similar damages arising from breach of
warranty, breach of contract, negligence, or other legal theory even if the
Licensor or its agent has been advised of the possibility of such damages, or
for any claim by any other party.

8. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade names,
trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor.

9. Governing Law. The parties hereby agree that this Agreement will be governed
by, and constructed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of
California, without reference to rules governing choice of laws.

10. No Waiver. This Agreement may not be altered, modified, or amended in any
way except in writing signed by both parties. The failure of a party to enforce
any provision of the Agreement will not be construed to be a waiver of the right
of such party to thereafter enforce that provision or any other provision or
right.

11. Term. This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue
in full force and effect for an initial period of two months.

12. Termination. Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon
delivery of written notice to the other party specifying clearly the grounds for
termination if the other party commits a material breach of its obligations
under this Agreement and fails to cure the breach within 5 days after written
notice of the breach is received by the breaching party. For the avoidance of
doubt, termination will be without prejudice to any liability incurred prior to
the effective date of termination. 

13. Notices. All notices under this Agreement will be in writing, in English and
delivered to the parties at their respective addresses stated above or at such
other address designated by written notice or if via electronic mail, to the
contact(s) listed in the SOW. Notices will be deemed to have been duly given
when received, if personally delivered; after 12 hours, if sent via electronic
mail; the day after being sent, if sent for next day delivery by recognized
overnight delivery service; or upon receipt, if sent by certified or registered
mail, return receipt requested. No failure or delay by either party in
exercising any right, power or remedy under this Agreement shall operate as a
waiver of any such right, power or remedy.
